hey guys it's me in this video I'm
teaching you how to bypass for all the
career achievement for two clubs for
water war well no not all of them but
those ones such as shit so basically
this is nearly mostly patch blocker that
you'll be using well that was it the
patch blocker and the code that I tried
to hide out is one that we need you
right in the proxy settings here well in
the internet connection settings so the
proxy in here yes basically I'll true
I'll tell you what I mean so in a minute
I'll be scrolling to proxy and that's
where you need to right place where I
was highlighting over here yeah so what
I was writing there mine was already put
in their side entry into it oh yeah and
the port needs to be 80 80 or whatever
its I'm not too sure everyone whatever
it says on the elite mossy patch poker
so that is what the port needs to be and
my thing took really long to sign up for
some reason so I kind of trim the video
a bit so I could sign in so that's why
the background of the thing whatever it
is whenever thing oh yeah that's one you
might a comment as well so now what you
need to do is go to gain data utility
and delete whatever call of duty you
would like to bypass so one or two for
example that would bypass you to 128 11
and your best join 1.11 chance lobbies
and what more you can bypass that you
can delete that and you best join old
light smoke or whatever patch that is
change Bobby's now well I'll just show
you how it works when you gone to 142 if
you go there you have to do that again
and you go to multiplayer pins with a
multi-family and then you go on play
online whenever it comes up and you'll
be able to join bypass Hannibal reason
so thanks for watching the video hope it
helped lots of people on how to bypass
tell your friends and stuff like it
because prove that works oh yeah thanks